This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Getting Started
First, install all dependencies with `yarn` or `npm install`.

Second, run `npm start` or `yarn start`. This command will start
a local development server on localhost:3000 as well as the LAN
address of your machine (192.168.0.xxx). 

If the application is
accessed via the LAN address, the notification features of the app
will not work. This is due to restrictions on the Notification API
on non-localhost domains that are not using HTTPS.

## Suggested Code Reading Order
The root component of the application is `App.js`, so start there. 
Then read `Timer.tsx` and `TodoList.tsx` in whatever order is desired.
The rest of the components can be read in any order since they are all
more or less direct children of one of the main components.

## What other files and folders are for
`public` is the folder that contains the `index.html` file React uses
as a mounting point for the application.

`.eslintrc.json` is a configuration file for my linter of choice: ESLint

`.gitignore` sets what files are not included in the git repo

`LICENSE` is the GNU GPL v3 license that this project is licensed under

`package.json` lists all of the dependencies for this project and some
other meta information about the project like its name, author, 
version number, etc.

`README.md` is the file you're reading now

`tsconfig.json` configuration options for the TypeScript compiler

`yarn.lock` file autogenerated and used by the package manager `yarn`
has the same purpose as a `package-lock.json` file from the NPM world

All source coude is contained inside the `src` directory. The only 
unusual file is `react-app-env.d.ts` which is a file required by
`create-react-app`: the bootstrapping tool I used for this project.